Add best practices section for rule 108 (#799)
zalando/restful-api-guidelines: chapters/best-practices.adoc

=== Conclusion
We suggest to either use the _{ETag} in result entities_ or _{Last-Modified}
/ {If-Unmodified-Since}_ approach.

[[handling-compatible-extensions]]
== Handling compatible API extensions

[[client-handling-compatible-extensions]]
=== In the clients

> Client code needs to be prepared to store any new optional properties of the
> fetched resource payload, and to serialize them later when submitting the
> payload back to the API server (<<108>>).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Client must not eliminate unknown optional fields from the 
fetched resource payload, and to serialize them later when submitting the
complete resource payload back to the API server via {PUT} (<<108>>).
```
